# Data 
This folder contains data and results procured and generated during this project. The CSV files in this folder were typically used to generate other results, whereas the CSV files in the **Results** folder were not used to generate additional results. Below, I describe the contents of the folders and the files. All files within this main Data folder were generated by running the files in the Code folder. 

--

## Folders 

<br>

### ElsevierAPI 
This folder contains the PDFs and additional files for the NeuroImages articles published in 2022. The files were generated by executing *Code/ElsevierAPI/ElsevierAPI.ipynb*. 
* *downloadedPDFs_info.json* is a JSON file containing the articles' DOIs and titles (called 'article_names'). 
* (NB! NOT ON GITHUB) *downloaded_pdfs* is a directory. It contains the PDFs for the 846 articles published in NeuroImage in 2022. 
    * *fulltext_articles_doi* is a directory. It contains the PDFs for the 815 research articles published in NeuroImage in 2022. The filename is the DOI of the research article. 
    * *fulltext_editorialboard_doi* is a directory. It contains the PDFs for the 19 articles titled 'Editorial board' published in NeuroImage in 2022. The filename is the DOI of the article. 

<br>

### QA_manually_labeled_data
This folder contains the files created to perform qualitative assurance of the dataset labels and labeling performed in this project.  
* *AnonymousAxololt.docx* is a document containing the labeled sentences one of the annotators performed. 
* *AnonymousPlatypus.docx* is a document containing the labeled sentences one of the annotators performed. 
* *AnonymousQuokka.docx* is a document containing the labeled sentences one of the annotators performed. 
* *articles_sentences_to_be_labeled.txt* is a .txt file used to import the sentences containing URLs that needed to be labeled to Taguette. 
* *labeled_data.csv* is a CSV file containing the results from the code in *Code/QA/QA_manually_labeled_data.ipynb*. There are 129 labeled sentences. 
* *DOI_forty.csv* is a CSV file containing the DOIs of the articles whose URLs and sentences were used for manual labeling. 

<br>

### QA_URL_extraction 
This folder contains the files I manually created and edited (baseline) and an extractor to perform qualitative assurance of the URL extraction. 
* *together.csv* is a file containing the DOI, URL, and sentences found by CVL and the external extractor in two articles. 
* *baseline.csv* contains ten articles' manually extracted DOI, URL, and sentences. I performed the extractions presented in this file. 
* *extractor1.csv* is a file containing the manually extracted DOI, URL, and sentences in ten articles. An external extractor performed the extractions presented in this file. 

--

<br>

## Files 
- *articles_all_urls.csv* contains the URL, Sentences, and DOI from the articles published in NeruoImage 2022 without any URLs filtered out. This file was generated by executing *Code/URL_Extraction.ipynb*.
- *articles_filtered_urls.csv* contains the URL, Sentences, and DOI from the articles published in NeruoImage 2022 with some URLs filtered out. This file was generated by executing *Code/URL_Extraction.ipynb*. 
- *articles_groundtruth.csv* contains the manual investigation of a randomly chosen sample of NeuroImage articles.  This was generated by writing in and executing *Code/articles_groundtruth_v2.ipynb*
- *articles_groundtruth_urls_and_sentences.csv* contains the extracted URLs and sentences from the randomly chosen sample of NeuroImage articles. This was generated by executing *Code/articles_groundtruth_v2.ipynb*. 
- *classified_data* contains the cleaned and filtered URLs generated by executing *Code/classifier_SciBERT_v2.ipynb*.
- *material_URLs.csv* contains the cleaned and filtered data URLs generated by executing *Code/classifier_SciBERT_v2.ipynb*.
- *scibert_predictions.csv* contains the predictions of the fine-tuned SciBERT generated by executing *Code/classifier_SciBERT_v2.ipynb*.
- *URLs_validated_comments.csv* contains manual edits and comments. The original file is located in the **Resource** folder under the same name but in XLSX format.  
- *URLs_validated.csv* contains the data URLs automatically validated as reachable by executing the *Code/classifier_SciBERT_v2.ipynb*.